Liber is a directory of buyers that is searchable by sellers. You can offer, counteroffer, and complete escrow on Liber.

I’m going to show you what a buyer profile looks like.

You can get pre-approved through our integrated network of lenders for a badge that goes on your profile. That badge is integral to the visibility and success of a buyer’s profile. You can also add different badges, which we’ll get to in a minute, and upgrade for higher visibility across more cities.

The type of profile you can set up for yourself could include searching for houses, land, commercial properties, multifamily apartments, retail real estate, single-tenant net lease, industrial land, or office properties. Each one of these has its own parameters.

Once you create a profile, you become searchable on Liber.

As a seller, we can come in and search an area or geography, browse different buyers, and filter by different criteria. For example, maybe you only want pre-approved buyers or buyers with specific badges.

If my house is a fixer, I may want to look for rehabbers or investors who would renovate properties, especially if I don’t have the capacity to remodel and bring the property to market myself.

Another thing you might want is a very committed buyer who already has their earnest money deposit with Liber. Or maybe you want a non-contingent offer because you don’t want to play games or deal with anyone who is not serious. You could filter by buyers willing to write a non-contingent offer, or maybe buyers who are all cash.

You can also check people’s reviews.

Here, we’re going to look at this home buyer, Julie P., who has five stars. She is pre-approved. Pre-approval badges are good for 90 days before they expire, and they have to be regenerated by your lender.

She also has an earnest money deposit put in. She has one five-star review, so she has completed one transaction before on the platform.

Coming to Julie’s profile, we can see that she is looking to downsize and simplify life. She is seeking a cozy, comfortable house. She is downsizing and has a decent down payment for a property up to $960,000.

We can see that she fits our house’s profile, so we want to send her an invite.

When we go to send an invite, my listing is already built. If it’s not built, you can build your listing here, add a little description, and write a short message to Julie letting her know why I think this house is a good fit for her.

Once it’s complete, we can send her the invite.